docs(graphql): added links for graphql federation examples (#2171)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/graphql/federation.md

})
export class AppModule {}
```
#### Example

> A working example is available [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/31-graphql-federation-code-first/posts-application) in code first mode and [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/32-graphql-federation-schema-first/posts-application) in schema first mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A working example is available [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/31-graphql-federation-code-first/posts-application) for the code first mode and [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/32-graphql-federation-schema-first/posts-application) for the schema first mode.
```

> info **Hint** Apollo recommends that you don't rely on the service discovery in a production environment but use their [Graph Manager](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graph-manager/federation/) instead.

#### Example

> A working example is available [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/31-graphql-federation-code-first/gateway) in code first mode and [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/32-graphql-federation-schema-first/gateway) in schema first mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A working example is available [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/31-graphql-federation-code-first/gateway) for the code first mode and [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/32-graphql-federation-schema-first/gateway) for the schema first mode.
```
